a) The choice of the programming language for developing a software is a main key of the development. To create the website for the Standing Desks Ltd, I wrote the code with HTML, CSS and a little of JavaScript. HTML supports the standard structure for developing websites like page headings, text paragraphs and in page links. Since HTML is easy, humans can read and write easily. It is also lightweight language, so, the web pages can be run without delay. The website user can get the smooth UI experience because of HTML and CSS. CSS provides layout structure and style of each HTML element. By using CSS, the website's design can be decorated. It can improve the UI of the web. It is suitable to use these languages when building a website. I used Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge as development tools for web browser. Browser is the vital tool for web developers while creating the website and debugging the codes. Google Chrome supports developer tools that help in scanning and debugging JavaScript, HTML and CSS. That tool also provides another features such as real-time editing of the code, performance analysis. For the techniques, I used media query for creating the website to adjust for different screen sizes and devices. I used flex display, grid images for user experience. For software that I used while building the website is Microsoft VSCode. It is a lightweight code editor. It can be run without any delay. It provides the live-server extension that supports the web can be tested in the browser in real-time without needing to save.

b) The intuitive interfaces in my web page are designed to be used and understood easily without needing for particular instructions. The user can easily see the fonts, colors, buttons and texts. I created a stable layout and design throughout the whole webpage. The navigation bar was designed to follow simply from page to page. Clear labels, significant anchor links are there in the navigation bar. Since I used media query in the website, the interface is responsive to different devices and screen sizes. The responsive design assists to carry on the consistent user experience using from the several devices. The forms are designed to fill out easily with clear labels and distinct placeholders. I prioritized the necessary contents and removed unnecessary things not to overwhelm users. I used suitable font size, relevant colors to read easily. I created the website with these to make the better user experience.

c) For the first accessibility feature, I used accesskey for moving from one page to another. The disabled users can also use this accessibility feature to navigate the other pages. In the form, I used 'for' attribute in 'label' tag to control the label. When a screen reader run upon the labeled form with 'for' attribute, it reads the text labeled to provide the content for the user.