Test Report for Task 3

    I checked adjustable.html file in W3C valdation website whether this file has error or not. This website said that I need to add alternative tag in all img tag. So, I added all needed alternative
tags. For all accessibilities, I have to put this alter tag. In basket.html file, the valdation website showed that doesn't have any error or fault. I have already added 
alter tag in img for disabled users. But, I noticed I didn't added access keys. In contact.html file, the website said I need to change 'for' attribute of the 'label' element in the form
not to be the same. In electric.html and fixed.html files, I need to add alter attribute in all img tags. In health_benefits.html page, I need to change name of video that is used in source of the video tag.
The valdation website said that there shouldn't be any space in the name of the that video. So, I changedthe name of the video not to have any space by replacing with underscore.I forgot to add alter tag in all images in index.html file.
    I have already added access keys for all pages to get access for all disabled users. They can directly go to the page by clicking Alt + "Access Key". To go to the basket page, the user just need to click (Alt + b) like this. 
    Firstly, I tested my website in the Google Chrome browser and Microsoft Edge browser. I found that there is background image for all web pages in the Chrome, but
I didn't find the background image for all pages in Edge. After searching in Google, Chrome supports .avif image file format.I found that Microsoft Edge 116+ doesn't support the .avif format.
So, Edge doesn't show the background image for the website. 
    For the disabled users, I need to add some accessibilities to use my website. 
    In testing, the links in the navigation bar connect all the correct pages with the corresponding access keys. The navigation menu is responsive for almost all the different devices.
In contact us page, the user can't submit his username and message without entering his email address. 
    The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is an organization that found the standards for the international companies or organizations. 
There are several members of organizations from the many industries in the world. In 1994, W3C is founded by WWW. 
The W3C's target is to build the standards for the web development fileds. Since W3C is the main international standards organization of the web development, W3C put together the IT professionals from the different sectors to work on the web issues. 
W3C gave instructions to obey the rules for developers. The W3C wanted to bring the web to full potential. W3C set detailed recommendations and requirements for HTML and CSS and how these languages should be coded for development. 